#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==42.0.2
    # via
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
django==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-axes[ipware]==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==6.0.4
    # via django-axes
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-picklefield==3.1
    # via django-constance
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-knox==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework-gis
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gdal==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via requests
jwcrypto==1.5.3
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.2
    # via gunicorn
phonenumbers==8.13.29
    # via django-two-factor-auth
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   pyjwt
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-ipware==2.0.1
    # via django-ipware
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2024.1
    # via djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
six==1.16.0
    # via html5lib
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   jwcrypto
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
